connecting talks into this bravery
Hey straight ahead what do you want me
to do same thing axle with one force him
down
right behind you sir
come
the Jolan trance is weakening dad no
don't go dad need that antitoxin now hey
why don't you go where got kale
this bites over
shark
going to crash you insect I plan is
ruined
looks like we just rained on your toxin
Perrine pain
you saved us wrong
I saved me
- King take care of spider will go after
pain
where is he
don't move I press this button and the
chopper blows everyone gets a taste of
the toxin which reminds me my
condolences on Danny
axel
please helicopter painting spider
do me a favor Manning next time do not
wake up
hey buddy you made it an adult worked
yeah
the doc came through I owe you guys big
time for finding that spider shark here
led the way yeah you are the man shark
I guess Axl saw something new we didn't
at first at least what are you talking
about you put shark and Chuck right
before you passed out I must have been
more delirious than I thought you don't
remember
huh you should know actually totally
stepped up true not that there isn't
room for improvement I'm just glad the
ax man's back he's got some mighty big
boost to fill you okay excellent
mr. Lee told me about a flashback I was
having it's like my dad wanted me to
stop paying who knows maybe he's still
out there
yeah maybe so